1) Configure your browswer

  * We suggest you run your application in firefox under ubuntu (or lubuntu).

  * This is a very light system for very small computers. You don't need
    a whole lot of computer power to run this!

  * Click the icon on the right side of your browser, and find 'preferences'

  * Scroll down until you find "Downloads"
    Click the option "Save files to "... and point that to "Downloads".
    This should be the default setting...
    Close the page.

1) Configure your application

  * when the application is running, tap the top left
  area over the name (probably your shul's name).

  * a number panel will appear. tap in your pin number.

  * the right box gives a drop down list menu -
    choose "config"

    * The "Configuration Screen" comes up.

    Display:        There are three choices.
        1) Plaques - that shows screens full of plaques...
        2) One by One - that shows an individual display for each name, and
        3) Alternate - shows all the plaques, then shows each name one by one...

    Screen Title:   This is the name on the top left corner of your display.

    Time (1 - 15):  The application cycles through each name, or each screen
        of plaques. This field allows you to determine how long each screen
        should show. 1 is 1 second. 15 is fifteen seconds.

    Password:       This is simply a way to keep kids out. There does not have to
        be very much security.

    Slots:          When the display is showing one name at a time, there is also
        an option to show plaques for todays yahrzeits on the right side. You can
        have between 5 and 9 slots - that is names showing at one time. The names
        then cycle through the positions.

    Rows:           This is the number of rows for the plaque display.

    Columns:        The number of columns for the plaque display.

    Grid Size:      Can be 4 or 5. This is a way of adjusting the positioning of
        the elements.

  Hit submit. Save the file. Close the screen.

  
